# Smart-Senior-Care-System
Senior Project 
Smart Senior Care System

For this project we created a simple android application which was coded in java and created using android studio. The application consisted of a login page which was made using a google api. Using google's imports into android studio we were able to connect the database and retrieve the users email verification which allowed the user to gain access to the app. The google sign in used various functions like signIn, signOut, handleRequest, updateUi which allowed the application to use different gmail accounts to sign in. In order to get the database working we needed to implement and install google play in the android back end which allowed the connection to run. After getting all the implementations running inside android studio we had to go to google's developer website and create a project which gives us access to the google Apis, and the credentials.json. Each application in android needs to have certain impots coded into the app in the begging of every activity. For the signin portions we used Googles.api.signin, Google.Connection Activity, Google.Sign Out, Google.ApiClient .
For the application part after the sign in was established we created a simple design using android studio which was fairly easy. We created a main screen page and linked it to a sign out function and a camera function. The signout function directs the user back to the main google screen which then allows the another user to log in via a different email. The main screen was designed to display the email address and name linked to the email used in the google sign in method.  The second function which is the camera function links the user to the camera activity screen and then they can click on various cameras which will allow them to see live feed. The library we need to run in order to link all the activities together was the OnClickListener which gives us various tools to navigate between different screens. For the imports for the main application we used Content.Intent, os.Bundle. Util.Log, View.View, Widget.Button, Widget.ImageView, Widget.LinearLayout, Widget.TextView, 

